Merge ENSApi `/api/config` endpoint into `/api/indexing-status` endpoint (#1671)
namehash/ensnode: packages/ensnode-react/README.md

### 1. Setup the Provider

> Wrap your app with the `EnsApiProvider`:

Reviewer: Please check the diff on this file. It shows a number of renamings that are some variation of changing EnsNode to EnsApi.

That's completely technically valid and correct.

I'm struggling though from a branding and external narrative perspective. I think it's best to keep "EnsNode" as the external facing brand for devs who aren't looking to concern themselves with the implementation details of the different services within ENSNode.

I think this is a case where it's better to optimize for external narratives and branding then technical precision.

Also, part of the motivation for using the terminology ENSNode rather than ENSApi in the externally facing narrative is because we may introduce additional services in the future that technically sit in front of ENSApi too. Ex: API key checks and possibly other things.

But most important here is the mental model and external branding. For devs building on ENSNode they should just need to understand ENSNode and not a breakdown of the services inside of it.

For example, check how we're setting up the new enskit react example: https://github.com/namehash/ensnode/blob/main/examples/enskit-react-example/src/App.tsx#L11-L24

Here we're building the external narrative on "ENSNode" and not asking a dev new to ENSNode to learn about the internal breakdown of services within an ENSNode. I think that's right.

But please don't completely revert all the naming updates in bulk! There's some good improvements made! For example, I like how you renamed things like `ENSNodeSDKConfig` -> `EnsApiProviderOptions`!

Now I'm just suggesting to rename `EnsApiProviderOptions` -> `EnsNodeProviderOptions`, etc.

## API Reference

### EnsNodeProvider

> The provider component that supplies ENSApi options to all child components.

Reviewer: There's several places in this file where I see words such as "ENSApi options". Could you review and update them all for the externally-facing audience of devs who just want to think in terms of ENSNode rather then specific services like ENSApi?

### Custom Query Configuration

> The `EnsNodeProvider` automatically creates and manages a QueryClient for you. Cache keys include the ENSNode endpoint URL, so different endpoints (mainnet vs testnet) maintain separate caches. You can customize the QueryClient without importing TanStack Query:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `EnsNodeProvider` automatically creates and manages a QueryClient for you. Cache keys include the ENSNode endpoint URL, so different ENSNode endpoints that may have different configurations (ex: mainnet vs sepolia) maintain separate caches. You can customize the QueryClient without importing TanStack Query:
```
